Starting writing of this document on Sunday, Jan 12 2020 on a plane from DCA -> DEN. It's 7:48PM ET.

Rust has both arrays and slices. Size of arrays is determined at compile time. It appears that arrays are also immutable by default, but slices are always mutable - unclear on this though. Question: What's the convention for usage of arrays vs. slices?

When attemping to create a slice with bounds larger than the array, the main thread panicks at runtime - not caught during compile.

When attempting to access an array value that is larger then length of array, compile error is thrown. Guess slices are more prone to runtime mistakes as a result.

One thing I'm noticing: this is the first time I've been in the zone for a long, long time. This is how to get yourself to spend absurd amounts of hours on something: work on stuff in a way that will completely absorb you. Where HC has opportunities for this, we need to be putting folks in a situation where they easily find themselves slipping into the zone. I literally type faster.

rustfmt in Rust plugin for Vim doesn't seem to be working correctly. Both autosave and :RustFmt aren't doing anything.

Structs and enums, 3 types of structs: tuple structs, C structs, and unit structs. Unit structs for interface equivalent / generics, C structs for data, tuple structs for simple types. Question: are tuples just syntax sugar and C structs behind the scenes, or is there something more complicated going on?)

    // "struct update syntax" when creating new structs
    let p = Point {
      x: 5.2,
      ..other_point, // copies y value
    }

Question: What's the deal with variable names that start with `_`?

Question: What is the syntax for nested destructuring?

Idea: basic OpenGL game written in Rust (FPS, like Doom?) compiled to web-friendly software and hosted as an easter egg on Hack Club's website. Question: Is there anything like emscripten for Rust? (WebAssembly as a compilation target, perhaps?)

Question: What does `.to_owned()` do?

I'm liking how Rust seems to have concepts around package management built into the language. By far, this is my biggest frustration with other languages. Go is a slight improvement in some ways, yet a huge regression in others with the way it does imports.
